.\" compa.1
.\"
.\" compa(1) manual page
.\"
.\" Compa -- worldwide social directory decentralized and federated
.\" Copyright (C) 2017 Compa contributors. See AUTHORS.
.\" compa.1 is part of Compa.
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
.\" License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU Affero General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH COMPA 1 "08 November 2017" "1.0.0-alpha.0"
.SH NAME
Compa \- worldwide social directory decentralized and federated with an ActivityPub API
.SH SYNOPSIS

.B compa
[ --config
.IR config_path
| -c
.IR config_path
]
[ --\fIconfig_option\fR
.IR config_value
]\fI...\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is Compa `*/kompa/`. It's a free (as freedom) worldwide social directory decentralized and federated with an ActivityPub API, 
this is a horizontal community project, anyone can run and participate and contribute, the focus of the project is work for 
a good user interface, a clean REST API and connecting the people for a better world.

Compa use ActivtyPub as principal protocol and is compatible with Pump.io, Mastodon and other free/open source social networks.

You visited a bookstore, a library and you liked it so much that you would like others to know it, 
then you can create the site if it does not exist and share it with your friends or family 
or you are a traveler in search of new beautiful places to visit then **Compa** 
will be your travel guide based on sites that people have already rehared and valued.

You can share any place like museums, natural park, libraries etc.
I post something and my followers see it. That's the rough idea behind
the compa.

There's an API defined in the
.B API.md
file in the source. 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR --config ", " -c
Path to JSON config file. Default is
.B /etc/compa.json
or
.B ~/.compa.json
.TP
.BR --help ", " -h
Print help text and exit
.TP
.BR --version ", " -v
Print version information and exit
.PP
You can also pass configuration values as arguments starting with
.B --
- for example,
\fBcompa.json\fR's
.B port
value can be set by passing
\fB--port\fR.
Camelcasing like

.SH BUGS
Bugs are tracked in GitLab:
.I https://framagit.org/compa/compa/issues
\.
.SH AUTHOR
Enhanced and maintained by many contributors, See AUTHORS in source code.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Compa -- worldwide social directory decentralized and federated
Copyright \(co 2017 Compa contributors. See AUTHORS.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
